pages/about/text/about.mdx, before:

---
Soft skills: communciation, mentorship, project management
Values: integrity, creativity and proactivity.
---

Hi there! I'm Ruben Andino, an economist turned full-stack web developer after over 10 years of analysing data in international tax, particularly in transfer pricing,\* and automatising pretty much any process my employer would let me automatise. Passionate about developing intuitive data models and software tools to minimise human errors, after a big international move, I decided to finally switch gears and start a career as a MERN web developer.

From my previous career in consulting, I learned how to understand any business and how to translate complex ideas using simple and intuitive interfaces. This reflects on all web applications that I develop, which aim at creating intuitive interfaces, ensuring that target, often non-technical, users can easily understand their functionality and find the information they need in the wink of an eye. Here you have an example: https://deploy-preview-8--mitigation-toolkit.netlify.app/) [please select China for full functionality].

Avid for learning, I also love the developing applications to help me perform repetitive tasks. One example is a new backend testing methodology that I developed, which allows for comprehensive testing of entire datasets rather than just spot checking. This methodology led to over 3,500 JEST tests executed in under 3 seconds. Click [here](https://github.com/rubenanlo/JEST-testing-utils) for the code.

With a goal to minimise the probablity of human error and to ease update and reusability, I like to follow and develop best practices and my approach to code is modular, producing small code modules that can be easily adapted and reused. In fact, I have developed best practices in the past when they did not exist. As a transfer pricing economist, I led a team of experts in designing best practices for building automated data models in Microsoft Excel, which was later implemented across the US Northeast region within a Big4 transfer pricing practice.

Algo sobre como tu experiencia previa es util para el trabajo nuevo y aporta que aprendas más rápido, que entiendas al cliente y tus soft skills.

Do you want to know more? Let's connect!

\*In case you wonder what transfer pricing is, here you have an introduction. My work focused mostly in analysing financial transactions, which involved significant data analysis and modeling using Microsoft Excel, Alteryx, and Tableau.

Commit message:

Update imports and fix styling in Navbar, projects, about, and blog pages

pages/about/text/about.mdx, after:

---
Soft skills: communciation, mentorship, project management
Values: integrity, creativity and proactivity.
---

Hi there! I'm <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>Ruben Andino</span>, an economist turned full-stack web developer after
over 10 years of analysing data in international tax, particularly in [transfer
pricing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transfer_pricing), and automatising pretty much any process I could. Passionate about <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>developing intuitive data models and software tools
to minimise human errors</span>, after a big international move, I decided to finally
switch gears and start a career as a MERN web developer.

From a previous successful career in consulting, I learned how to understand any business
and how to <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>translate complex ideas into simple and intuitive interfaces</span>. This
reflects on all web applications that I develop, which aim at creating intuitive
user interfaces, ensuring that target, often non-technical, users can easily
understand their functionality and find the information they need in the wink of
an eye. Here you have an [example](https://deploy-preview-8--mitigation-toolkit.netlify.app/) - <i>please select China
for full functionality</i>.

Avid for learning, I also love developing applications to <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>improve processes already in place</span>. One example is a new backend testing methodology that I
developed, which allows for comprehensive testing of entire datasets rather than
just spot checking. This methodology led to over 3,500 JEST tests executed in
under 3 seconds. Click [here](https://github.com/rubenanlo/JEST-testing-utils)
for the code.

With a goal to minimise the probablity of human error and to ease update and
reusability, I like to follow and develop best practices and my approach to code
is component oriented, producing small components that can be easily adapted and reused.
In fact, I have <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>developed best practices</span> in the past when they did not exist. As
a transfer pricing economist, I led a team of experts in designing best
practices for building automated data models in Microsoft Excel, which was later
implemented across the US Northeast region within a Big4 transfer pricing
practice.

Throughout my career, I've managed several large-scale projects and acted as a <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>mentored</span>
teams at Big4 companies. <span style={{color:"#F3B177"}}>Effective communication</span> has been crucial in my project
management approach, contributing significantly to the success of every project
I've handled.

Do you want to know more? Let's connect!
